Hello Advocate,

I am not sure where to begin because the last few years have been extremely difficult for me. I got married to my husband Rohit Vikram Sharma on 14th February 2018 in Mumbai according to Hindu customs. Initially everything was normal for about a year, but after that his behaviour changed completely.

My husband works in a private logistics company. After COVID his drinking became excessive. He started coming home late almost every night and whenever I questioned him, he would shout at me and sometimes become physically violent.

Around August 2021, he slapped me for the first time because I refused to give him money. I didn't tell anyone because I believed things would improve.

Later these incidents became more frequent.

On 11th January 2022 he pushed me against the wall during an argument over household expenses. I suffered bruises on my shoulder but I did not go to the police because my mother-in-law convinced me not to create family issues.

His parents also mentally harassed me. They constantly taunted me for not bringing enough jewellery and cash after marriage. They repeatedly told me that my parents should buy Rohit a new car because all his friends had one.

In March 2022, Rohit demanded ₹10 lakhs from my parents saying he wanted to start a business. When my father refused, Rohit threatened that he would throw me out of the house.

My salary was around ₹95,000 per month. Rohit used to force me to transfer most of my salary into his account every month. I have my salary statements and bank transactions to prove this.

In July 2022 I found messages on his phone showing he was in a relationship with another woman. When I confronted him, he denied everything and broke my phone.

On 15th September 2022 he hit me with a steel water bottle on my left hand during an argument. I was treated at Kokilaben Hospital. I have medical reports and discharge papers.

After this incident I stayed with my parents for almost three weeks. Rohit and his family came to apologise and promised that nothing like this would happen again.

Believing those promises, I returned home in October.

Unfortunately nothing changed.

In December he again assaulted me after consuming alcohol.

On 5th February 2023 he locked me inside the bedroom for almost six hours and took away my mobile phone. I could not contact anyone.

My neighbour Mrs. Neha Verma heard me crying and later asked me what had happened.

Around April 2023 he again demanded money from my parents.

This time he wanted ₹15 lakhs because he claimed he had heavy business losses.

When my parents refused, he threatened to file false cases against my family and said nobody would believe me.

He also stopped paying household expenses and expected me to manage everything.

I have WhatsApp chats where he admits borrowing money from me but now he says those payments were gifts.

Around June 2023 I secretly started recording some of our arguments because I was afraid nobody would believe me.

I also have photographs showing injuries on my hands and back after several assaults.

On 18th August 2023 he pushed me down the staircase after accusing me of spying on him. Fortunately I only suffered minor injuries because I held the railing.

After this incident I permanently shifted to my parents' house.

Since then Rohit has continuously called me from different phone numbers asking me to withdraw any complaint if I decide to file one.

Sometimes he apologises.

Sometimes he threatens me saying that he will ensure I never receive maintenance because I earn a salary.

I later came to know from one of his colleagues that he has been living with another woman in Pune for the last several months. I don't know whether this information is true.

We do not have any children.

Currently I am living with my parents in Andheri.

I have been suffering from anxiety and have started taking counselling sessions because of everything that happened.

I have never filed an FIR before because I was afraid and wanted to save my marriage.

Now I feel there is no possibility of reconciliation.

I want to take legal action against my husband and also against my in-laws if possible.

I also want protection because I fear he may harm me if he comes to know that I have approached a lawyer.